Add rust for the web to calendar (#2297)
mainmatter/mainmatter.com: src/calendar/2024-02-07-rust-for-the-web.md

---
title: "Rust for the Web"
image: "/assets/images/calendar/2024-02-07-rust-for-the-web/rust-for-the-web.jpg"
location: "London"

> url: https://www.meetup.com/it-IT/rust-london-user-group/events/298413388/?isFirstPublish=true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
url: https://www.meetup.com/it-IT/rust-london-user-group/events/298413388/
```

kind: meetup
color: purple
---

> We are running a meetup together with Shuttle and Vortexa to share learnings and
> success stories from using Rust in business. The event will be hosted by
> TrueLayer in London. Our Principal Engineering Consultant, Luca Palmieri, will
> discuss the missing steps in the Rust playbook and explain how to turn your bet
> on Rust into a success in his talk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are running an event together with Shuttle, Vortexa, and the Rust London meetup group focused on using Rust for web development. The event will be hosted by
TrueLayer in London on Feb. 7th, 2024. Our Principal Engineering Consultant, Luca Palmieri, will
present the playbook for successful Rust adoption as well as moderate a panel talking about success stories and challenges with David Cole from Arwen.ai and Nodar Daneliya  from Shuttle.
```
